hey guys welcome back to my channel so
as you guys may know if you've been
watching my videos for any period of
time now I pretty much have no eyebrows
whatsoever every day when I put my
eyebrows on I have to basically start
from scratch I did do an eyebrow routine
that or an eyebrow tutorial for people
within a slash light eyebrows like
myself but in that tutorial I was using
different products and I've updated my
routine now at the time I was actually
waiting for this to come to me in the
mail which is the Anastasi at beverly
hills dipbrow pomade and it says
basically all i use now it is just this
holy ground product absolutely beautiful
waterproof budget proof everything and
then I just add a little bit of brow gel
on top and that is me done and ready to
go for the day especially for someone
with oily skin or someone who lives in
humid climates where your makeup sort of
just slides off this is absolutely
perfect so I thought I would make this
my updated brow routine but also sort of
a demonstration of the Anastasio beverly
hills dipbrow pomade in da brow so to
start I'm taking my zoeva
three-one-seven winged liner brush and
I'm just going to dip that into my
pomade and then basically starting from
about a quarter of the way into my brow
I'm going to make a line right
underneath the shape of my natural brow
in an outwards motion so the reason that
I'm starting from about a quarter of the
way in and not starting from the very
front of my brow because I don't want to
concentrate too much color there just
yet because I want to create a bit of a
natural gradient so I don't get blocky
eyebrows so then I'm just going to do
the same thing where I want the top
shape of my eyebrow just so I can join
them together so that I can start
filling in
once you're happy with the outline that
you've drawn you can go ahead and fill
in and the way that I like to do that is
to do sort of short little stroking
motions in the direction of the hair
growth
next I wipe off the excess product from
my brush and take what's left and run it
very very lightly through the front of
my brows where I haven't filled in yet
the reason I do that is so the color
isn't as concentrated and I can get a
nice gradient effect so I'm just doing
that in the short stroking motions in
the direction of brow growth to begin
but then I'm also going to do some
upward stroke motions to mimic the look
of natural hair throughout the front of
the brow as well this next part I only
really do if I've messed something up or
if I need a bit of extra definition but
I will take a concealer pencil or a
concealer on a thin brush and just run
that underneath to tidy up and then I
always finish with a brow gel I really
like the Maybelline brow drama and I use
the color medium brown
I always just run that through my brows
to set them in place and that is my
updated brow routine so hopefully you
guys enjoyed this video hopefully it
helped you out and I will talk to you
guys soon so you probably know by now if
you've been watching my channel for any
period of time
I have very very thin barely there
browse and my mirror is showing me right
in the face it's really bugging me okay
but I have updated my brow tutorial
routine routine
what's this cold what is the name of it
look why can't I talk